arisen
awakened / awoken
backslidden / backslid
been
born / borne
beaten / beat
become
begun
bent
bet / betted
bidden
bid
bound
bitten
bled
blown
broken
bred
brought
broadcast / broadcasted
browbeaten / browbeat
built
burned / burnt
burst
busted / bust
bought
cast
caught
chosen
clung
clothed / clad
come
cost
crept
crossbred
cut
daydreamed / daydreamt
dealt
dug
disproved / disproven
dived
dived
done
drawn
dreamed / dreamt
drunk
driven
dwelt / dwelled
eaten
fallen
fed
felt
fought
found
fitted / fit
fit / fitted
fled
flung
flown
forbidden
forecast
foregone
foreseen
foretold
forgotten / forgot
forgiven
forsaken
frozen
frostbitten
gotten / got
given
gone
ground
grown
hand-fed
handwritten
hung
had
heard
hewn / hewed
hidden
hit
held
hurt
inbred
inlaid
input / inputted
interbred
interwoven / interweaved
interwound
jerry-built
kept
knelt / kneeled
knitted / knit
known
laid
led
leaned / leant
leaped / leapt
learned / learnt
left
lent
let
lain
lied
lit / lighted
lip-read
lost
made
meant
met
miscast
misdealt
misdone
misheard
mislaid
misled
mislearned / mislearnt
misread
misset
misspoken
misspelled / misspelt
misspent
mistaken
mistaught
misunderstood
miswritten
mowed / mown
offset
outbid
outbred
outdone
outdrawn
outdrunk
outdriven
outfought
outflown
outgrown
outleaped / outleapt
outlied
outridden
outrun
outsold
outshined / outshone
outshot
outsung
outsat
outslept
outsmelled / outsmelt
outspoken
outsped
outspent
outsworn
outswum
outthought
outthrown
outwritten
overbid
overbred
overbuilt
overbought
overcome
overdone
overdrawn
overdrunk
overeaten
overfed
overhung
overheard
overlaid
overpaid
overridden
overrun
overseen
oversold
oversewn / oversewed
overshot
overslept
overspoken
overspent
overspilled / overspilt
overtaken
overthought
overthrown
overwound
overwritten
partaken
paid
pleaded / pled
prebuilt
predone
premade
prepaid
presold
preset
preshrunk
proofread
proven / proved
put
quick-frozen
quit / quitted
read (sounds like "red")
reawaken
rebid
rebound
rebroadcast / rebroadcasted
rebuilt
recast
recut
redealt
redone
redrawn
refit / refitted
refitted / refit
reground
regrown
rehung
reheard
reknitted / reknit
relaid
relayed
relearned / relearnt
relit / relighted
remade
repaid
reread
rerun
resold
resent
reset
resewn / resewed
retaken
retaught
retorn
retold
rethought
retread
retrofitted / retrofit
rewaken / rewaked
reworn
rewoven / reweaved
rewed / rewedded
rewet / rewetted
rewon
rewound
rewritten
rid
ridden
rung
risen
roughcast
run
sand-cast
sawed / sawn
said
seen
sought
sold
sent
set
sewn / sewed
shaken
shaved / shaven
sheared / shorn
shed
shined / shone
shit/ shat / shitted
shot
shown / showed
shrunk
shut
sight-read
sung
sunk
sat
slain / slayed
slayed
slept
slid
slung
slinked / slunk
slit
smelled / smelt
sneaked / snuck
sown / sowed
spoken
sped / speeded
spelled / spelt
spent
spilled / spilt
spun
spit / spat
split
spoiled / spoilt
spoon-fed
spread
sprung
stood
stolen
stuck
stung
stunk
strewn / strewed
stridden
stricken
struck / stricken
strung
striven / strived
sublet
sunburned / sunburnt
sworn
sweat / sweated
swept
swollen / swelled
swum
swung
taken
taught
torn
telecast
told
test-driven
test-flown
thought
thrown
thrust
trodden / trod
typecast
typeset
typewritten
unbent
unbound
unclothed / unclad
underbid
undercut
underfed
undergone
underlain
undersold
underspent
understood
undertaken
underwritten
undone
unfrozen
unhung
unhidden
unknitted / unknit
unlearned / unlearnt
unsewn / unsewed
unslung
unspun
unstuck
unstrung
unwoven / unweaved
unwound
upheld
upset
woken / waked
waylaid
worn
woven / weaved
wed / wedded
wept
wet / wetted
whetted
won
wound
withdrawn
withheld
withstood
wrung
written